{
  "workgroup": "Video Workgroup",
  "meetingDate": "2024-03-22",
  "differences": [
    {
      "field": "meetingInfo.peoplePresent",
      "gitbook": "devon, hogantuso, Kareem, lord kizzy, malik, oep, osmium, Photogee, Rojo, Slate, Zalfred",
      "supabase": "cardano_class, Cjfrankie, devon, hogantuso, killy, lilycupcake, lord kizzy, malik, oep, osmium, Photogee, Prime, Rojo, Slate, Zalfred"
    },
    {
      "field": "meetingInfo.purpose",
      "gitbook": "The meeting focused on task updates, strategy for video content production, and existing tasks.",
      "supabase": "The meeting focused on task updates, Strategy for video content production, Existing tasks, Distribution of task "
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[0]",
      "gitbook": "Weekly meeting agenda outlined by Slate.",
      "supabase": "Weekly meeting agenda outlined by Slate"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[1]",
      "gitbook": "Devon provided updates on video production tasks, including delays and progress made.",
      "supabase": "Slate provided updates on the welcome development with the Zealy task"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[2]",
      "gitbook": "Lord Kizzy, the social media manager, gave weekly updates for Video content engagement.",
      "supabase": "Lord kizzy the social media manager gave weekly updates for Video content engagement."
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[3]",
      "gitbook": "Discussions on the issues affecting the quality of video.",
      "supabase": "Introduction of new members joining in"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[4]",
      "gitbook": "Discussions on other means videos could be uploaded properly.",
      "supabase": "Devon the task management gave more informations on the weekly updates"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[5]",
      "gitbook": "Discission on videos to be part of Zealy tasks.",
      "supabase": "Lil-cupcake updated us on the Town Hall Video Edits"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[6]",
      "gitbook": "Discussion on budget for second quarter.",
      "supabase": "Malik updated us on the Town Hall Summary"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[7]",
      "supabase": "Allocation of task but the video work group facilitator Slate"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[8]",
      "supabase": "Discussion on budgeting"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems.length",
      "gitbook": 5,
      "supabase": 6
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[0].text",
      "gitbook": "video content should be added to Zealy for more enegagment",
      "supabase": "New lead on Meeting Summary"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[0].status",
      "gitbook": "todo",
      "supabase": "in progress"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[0].assignee",
      "gitbook": "lord kizzy",
      "supabase": "devon"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[0].dueDate",
      "gitbook": "31 March 2024",
      "supabase": "26 April 2024"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[1].text",
      "gitbook": "Social media manager should be added to the Zealy review team",
      "supabase": "New Lead on Town Hall Edits"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[1].status",
      "gitbook": "todo",
      "supabase": "in progress"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[1].assignee",
      "gitbook": "devon",
      "supabase": "lord kizzy"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[1].dueDate",
      "supabase": "26 April 2024"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[2].text",
      "gitbook": "Facilitator should prepare quarter 2 2024 budget",
      "supabase": "New Lead on Town Hall Summary"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[2].status",
      "gitbook": "todo",
      "supabase": "in progress"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[2].assignee",
      "gitbook": "Slate",
      "supabase": "cardano_class"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[2].dueDate",
      "supabase": "26 April 2024"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[3].text",
      "gitbook": "Give update on the second quaterly budget in the next town hall",
      "supabase": "New Lead on Task Management"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[3].status",
      "gitbook": "todo",
      "supabase": "in progress"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[3].assignee",
      "gitbook": "Slate",
      "supabase": "hogantuso"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[3].dueDate",
      "supabase": "26 April 2024"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[4].text",
      "gitbook": "Creating a video on Hyper Cycle",
      "supabase": "New Lead on Social Media Management"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[4].status",
      "gitbook": "todo",
      "supabase": "in progress"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[4].assignee",
      "gitbook": "osmium",
      "supabase": "malik"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[4].dueDate",
      "supabase": "26 April 2024"
    },
    {
      "field": "tags.topicsCovered",
      "gitbook": "social media management, workgroup updates, new people, Task Assignment, BGI 2024 summit, video topics, Budget , Quarterly Report",
      "supabase": "social media management, workgroup updates, new people, Task Assignment, BGI 2024 summit, Budget , Quarterly Report"
    },
    {
      "field": "tags.emotions",
      "gitbook": "Friendly, Thoughtful , speedy , Casual, productive",
      "supabase": "Friendly, Thoughtful , speedy , Casual, productive, Organised, engaging new people, positive"
    },
    {
      "field": "canceledSummary",
      "gitbook": false
    },
    {
      "field": "noSummaryGivenText",
      "gitbook": "No Summary Given"
    },
    {
      "field": "canceledSummaryText",
      "gitbook": "Meeting was cancelled"
    }
  ]
}