{
  "workgroup": "Research and Development Guild",
  "meetingDate": "2024-07-17",
  "differences": [
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].meetingTopics[2]",
      "gitbook": "UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT TO FILL REPOS",
      "supabase": "UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT TO FILL REPOS! "
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[1]",
      "gitbook": "ACTION ITEMS MEETING: Lordkizzy went through the action items from the previous meeting summary.",
      "supabase": "ACTION ITEMS MEETING: Lordkizzy went through the action items from the previous meeting summary"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[2]",
      "gitbook": "SHOWCASE FINISHED PROPOSAL: We are trying to present deliverables on completed projects to the community. We weren't able to further discuss this because core members of respective projects weren't in attendance.",
      "supabase": "SHOWCASE FINISHED PROPOSAL: We are trying to present deliverables on completed projects to the community. We weren't able to further discuss this because core members of respective projects weren't in attendance"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[3]",
      "gitbook": "Discussions on \"Avoid overlapping between proposals with other Guilds and WorkGroups\": We had already had discussions on this in our previous call and Kenichi highlighted the differences in a document (https://docs.google.com/document/d/10v3sUgdtRGkIU_a8K5roGA21-6xNzDLKEkImEiFdZdk/edit?usp=sharing).",
      "supabase": "Discussions on \"Avoid overlapping between proposals with other Guilds and WorkGroups\": We had already had discussions on this in our previous call but and Kenichi highlighted the differences in a document (https://docs.google.com/document/d/10v3sUgdtRGkIU_a8K5roGA21-6xNzDLKEkImEiFdZdk/edit?usp=sharing)"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[4]",
      "gitbook": "UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT TO FILL REPOS!; Waka refused to give the update status on the Entity connections project that he was working on. Other core members weren't present in the call.",
      "supabase": "UPDATE STATUS ON DEVELOPMENT TO FILL REPOS!; Waka refused to give the update status on the Entity connections project that he was working on, other core members weren't present in the call"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[5]",
      "gitbook": "Discussions on \"Proposals must not receive funding from Ambassador and DF\": Waka expressed that those opinions weren't valid since there hasn't been a case of \"double dipping\" in the program. Clement highlighted that we should also be trying to prevent something like that from happening in the future and suggested that \"if someone is bringing up the level of deep funding, it means there has to be working deliverables that, you know, you have to show for, that it was completed at the level of the ambassadors program. you're going to put up things that you intend to complete, building up from what you've completed, and then try to describe to us the reason for the extra requirements or the extra request for resources.\" Kenichi indicated that \"the whole idea of this is that when you say you want to take a project, we don't know about it from them, definitely they can have their own process. But from the Ambassador Program, especially from the Research Guild, which this is concerned, while any of these projects are individual suggestions and individual proposals, it's still technically for the ambassador program. And in that regard, for the research, you should be the one pushing out the project to do saying, hey, we're building this in our guild, and we believe is a great project and we'd like extra funding. This is coming from the entire guild. Then that will give it much more credibility, which is what we should be looking for. So whenever it's highlighted, okay, where did this project start from, you should be able to say it started from ambassadors. I feel like we need that recognition too. It started from the ambassador program, went to deep funding, got funded, did great stuff.\".",
      "supabase": "Discussions on \"Proposals must not receive funding from Ambassador and DF\": Waka expressed that those opinions weren't valid since there hasn't been a case of Double dipping in the program, Clement highlighted that we should also be trying to prevent something like that from happening in the future and suggested that \"if someone is bringing up the level of defunding, it means there has to be working deliverables that, you know, you have to show for, that it was completed at the level of the ambassadors program. you're going to put up things that you intend to complete, building up from what you've completed, and then try to describe to us the reason for the extra requirements or the extra request for resources.\" Kenichi indicated that \"the whole idea of this is that when you say you want to take a project, we don't know about it from them, definitely they can have their own process. But from the Ambassador Program, especially from the Research Guild, which this is concerned, while any of these projects are individual suggestion and individual proposal, it's still technically for the ambassador program. And in that regard, for the research, so we said you should be the one pushing out the project to do funny saying, hey, we were building this in our guild, and we believe is a great project and we like extra funding. This is coming from the entire guild. Then that will give it much more credibility, which is what we should be looking for. So whenever it's highlighted, okay, where did this project start from You should be able to say, A, it started from ambassadors. I feel like we need that recognition too. It started from the ambassador program, went to deep funding, co-funded, did great stuff.\""
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[6]",
      "gitbook": "Discussions on \"Proposals must have a minimum of two people in charge\" - There was a suggestion that a team should be decided based on the project complexity. Clement also suggested that if the individual is capable to deliver within the required timeframe then he or she can work on the project alone. Kenichi suggested that we focus more on milestone deliverables, so if an individual has been able to provide milestone deliverables and stops been active, then the guild should communicate with the individual depending on the severity of the project and see if it can be assigned to someone else. We decided to have a poll on it and majority suggested that two people should be a standard going forward.",
      "supabase": "Discussions on \"Proposals must have a minimum of two people in charge\" - There was a suggestion that a team should be decided based on the project complexity and clement also suggested that if the individual is capable to deliver within the required timeframe then he or she can work on the project alone and then Kenichi suggested that we focus more on milestone deliverables, so if an individual has been able to provide milestone deliverables and stops been active, then the guild should communicate with the individual depending on the severity of the project and see if it can be assigned to someone else. We decided to have a poll on it and majority suggested that two people should be a standard going forward"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].decisionItems[0].decision",
      "gitbook": "We decided that projects could receive funds from both deepfunding and the ambassador program but only under some specific conditions (if the project gets funded first from Deepfunding, then there won't be any need for more funds to be requested but if the project gets funded from the ambassador program and there is need for more funds after presenting deliverables, then the R&D Guild will push the project to DeepFunding)",
      "supabase": "We decided that projects could receive funds from both deepfunding and the ambassador program but only under some specific conditions( if the projects gets funded first from Deepfunding, then there won't be any need for more funds to be requested but if the project gets funded from the ambassador program and there is need for more funds after presenting deliverables, then the R&D Guild will push the project to DeepFunding)"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].decisionItems[1].decision",
      "gitbook": "We decided that projects should have a minimum of 2 core members included in the proposals",
      "supabase": "We decided that project should have a minimum of 2 coremembers included in the proposals"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[1].text",
      "gitbook": "Clement to reach out to as to his project presentation",
      "supabase": "Clement to reach out to as to his's project presentation"
    },
    {
      "field": "tags.topicsCovered",
      "gitbook": "Guilds , Budget, Tool Development, Proposal, AI tooling, Budget Request, Budget preparation, contributors, Operations, doubledipping, Deliverbles, Core team, Documentation, Presentation, DeepFunding",
      "supabase": "Guilds , Budget , Tool Development, Proposal, AI tooling, Budget Request, Budget preparation, contributors, Operations, doubledipping, Deliverbles, Core team, Documentation, Presentation"
    },
    {
      "field": "tags.other",
      "gitbook": "Kenichi suggested a process that should be implemented by the Guild: if someone working on a project has been able to provide deliverables and after a while stops work on the project, then the entire project should be on hold and no rewards distributed; but if the project is of high relevance to the guild then the guild should communicate with the individual that proposed the project and suggest going ahead with what they can and what they have. If the individual has any plans of coming back at any point in time and wishes to recontribute to the research and development guild, they will have to finish that project before they are allowed to take up a new one. Unless they claim that they have no interest anymore in the project and at that point in time. then that member shouldn't be given the opportunity to work on another project.",
      "supabase": "Kenichi suggested a process that should be implemented by the Guild, if someone working on a project had been able to provide deliverables and after a while stops work on the project, then the entire project should be on hold and not rewards distributed but if the project is of high relevance to the guild then the guild should communicate with the individual that proposed the project and suggest going to go ahead with what they can and what they have. If the individual has any plans of coming back at any point in time and wishes to recontribute to the research and development guild, you have to finish that project before you are allowed to take up a new one. Unless he claims that he or she has no interest anymore in the project and at that point in time. then that members shouldn't be given the opportunity to work on another project."
    },
    {
      "field": "noSummaryGivenText",
      "gitbook": "No Summary Given"
    },
    {
      "field": "canceledSummaryText",
      "gitbook": "Meeting was cancelled"
    }
  ]
}