{
  "workgroup": "Research and Development Guild",
  "meetingDate": "2024-05-29",
  "differences": [
    {
      "field": "meetingInfo.peoplePresent",
      "gitbook": "Ayodele, Curtis, kateri, malik, Onize, Onyeka, Vasu, WaKa",
      "supabase": "Ayodele, kateri, malik, Onize, Vasu, WaKa"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].meetingTopics[0]",
      "gitbook": "Welcoming new members and Introduction",
      "supabase": "Welcoming new Mmembers and Introduction"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].meetingTopics[2]",
      "gitbook": "Discussions on the research proposal on inclusivity for individuals with disabilities in SingularityNET ecosystem",
      "supabase": "Discussions on the research proposal on inclusivity for individuals with disabilities in SingularityNET ecosystem."
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[0]",
      "gitbook": "Discussions on R&D Guild budget and Duke's proposal (Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem): there are still ongoing discussions on the approval of the budget, but the guild has given Duke a go-ahead on working on the proposal.",
      "supabase": "Discussions on R&D Guild budget and Duke's proposal ( Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem.): there are still ongoing discussions on the apporoval of the budget, but the guild has given Duke a go-ahead on working on the proposal."
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[1]",
      "gitbook": "Discussions on Colleen's game proposal.",
      "supabase": "Discussions on Colleen's game proposal"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[3]",
      "gitbook": "Discussions on decision-making tool and processes.",
      "supabase": "Discussions on decision-making tool and processes"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].decisionItems[1].decision",
      "gitbook": "Guillermo suggested that all core members of the Guild should be available for a discussion on tool development",
      "supabase": "Guillermo suggested that all core members of the Guild should be available for a discussion on Deliverables"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].decisionItems[1].rationale",
      "supabase": "The Guild has to present artifacts to build trust with the community"
    },
    {
      "field": "noSummaryGivenText",
      "gitbook": "No Summary Given"
    },
    {
      "field": "canceledSummaryText",
      "gitbook": "Meeting was cancelled"
    }
  ]
}