{
  "workgroup": "Governance Workgroup",
  "meetingDate": "2025-02-20",
  "differences": [
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[0]",
      "gitbook": "Process Guild's budget cap for Q2 2025.",
      "supabase": "Process Guild's budget cap for Q2 2025"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[1]",
      "gitbook": "Need to reassess budget caps for Q3.",
      "supabase": "Need to reassess budget caps for Q3"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[2]",
      "gitbook": "Anonymity in decision-making.",
      "supabase": "Anonymity in decision-making"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[3]",
      "gitbook": "New Q2 sheet in the Budget Planner.",
      "supabase": "New Q2 sheet in the Budget Planner"
    },
    {
      "field": "noSummaryGivenText",
      "gitbook": "No Summary Given"
    },
    {
      "field": "canceledSummaryText",
      "gitbook": "Meeting was cancelled"
    }
  ]
}