{
  "workgroup": "Research and Development Guild",
  "meetingDate": "2024-06-05",
  "differences": [
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].meetingTopics[2]",
      "gitbook": "Discussions on the research proposal on inclusivity for individuals with disabilities in SingularityNET ecosystem",
      "supabase": "Discussions on the research proposal on inclusivity for individuals with disabilities in SingularityNET ecosystem."
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].meetingTopics[4]",
      "gitbook": "Coleen proposal Discussions on \"Ethics Quest Game",
      "supabase": "Coleen proposal Discussions on  \"Ethics Quest Game\" "
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[0]",
      "gitbook": "Discussions on R&D Guild budget and Duke's proposal ( Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem.): there are still ongoing discussions on how the team can collaborate to move the initiative forward in this first stage. Duke suggested that any developer interested in this research should send him a DM, so that he can start making plans for the second part of this project.",
      "supabase": "Discussions on R&D Guild budget and Duke's proposal ( Research on Inclusivity for Individuals with Disabilities in SingularityNET Ecosystem.): there are still ongoing discussions on how the team can collaborate to move the initiative forward in this first stage. Duke suggested that any developer interested in this research should send him a DM, so that he can start making plans for the second part of this project"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[2]",
      "gitbook": "Discussions on KENICHI's proposal for the ambassador website and loyalty system, the guild loved the initiative and want him to collaborate with curtis and guillermo on that, since they are already working on a similar project.",
      "supabase": "Discussions on KENICHI's proposal for the ambassador website and loyalty system, the guild loved the initiative and want him to collaborate with curtis and guillermo on that, since they are already working on a similar project"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[3]",
      "gitbook": "Discussions on Q2 Budget Concerns report, Guillermo created a document and shared it with the team for feedback before we present it to the community.",
      "supabase": "Discussions on Q2 Budget Concerns report, Guillermo created a document and shared it with the team for feedback before we present it to the community"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[4]",
      "gitbook": "Discussion on Q3 Budget proposal, we had a brief discussion on this and informed guild members of the deadline for submission of Q3 budget proposal.",
      "supabase": "Discussion on Q3 Budget proposal, we had a brief discussion on this and informed guild members of the deadline for submission of Q3 budget proposal"
    },
    {
      "field": "noSummaryGivenText",
      "gitbook": "No Summary Given"
    },
    {
      "field": "canceledSummaryText",
      "gitbook": "Meeting was cancelled"
    }
  ]
}