{
  "workgroup": "Research and Development Guild",
  "meetingDate": "2024-06-19",
  "differences": [
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].meetingTopics[1]",
      "gitbook": "Review of last meeting summary's Action Items",
      "supabase": "Review of last meeting summary Action Items"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].meetingTopics[4]",
      "gitbook": "Q2 budget concerns and R&D Guild Q3 Updated Budget",
      "supabase": "Q2 Budget Concerns and R&D Guild Q3 Update Budget Proposal"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[0]",
      "gitbook": "Updates status on Development to fill Repo: Rojo gave updates on the development status on the Social Media Automation and Web Contributions Dashboard; he said: \"For the Web3 dashboard and social media dashboard, we're almost done with the MVP. Obviously, you can see the code from the repos on our common GitHub. I think once the MVP is ready, we can open-source the code. We're going through some testings for the UI. We have very minimal backend functionalities for now, just because there wasn't enough time to have a lot of the functionalities that we predicted. But still, there is something to be tested and something to be improved. I expect it to be open source in the next week and a half, depending on how fast I will get well. But it should be done very soon. After that, we will be doing some testing with other workgroup members. And I guess the reporting on that would be part of Q3, not Q2. So Q2 was mainly about getting an MVP out.\" Ubio gave updates on his reasearch: \"What we did was simply to convert responses we got from Q1 into Figma. In Q2, We converted the responses and the things we could derive from those response into a prototype design. so that's what we did for Q2. Q3 for us is about now taking that design back to the community to engage and see what comes out of that.\".",
      "supabase": "Updates status on Development to fill Repo; Rojo gave Updates on the development status on the Social Media Automation and Web Contributions Dashboard; \"For so the Web3 dashboard and social media dashboard. We're almost done with the MVP. Obviously, you can see the code from the from the repos on the on our common GitHub. I think once the MVP is ready, we can open source the code. We're going through some testings for the UI. We have very minimal backend functionalities for now, just because there wasn't enough time to have a lot of the functionalities that we predicted. But still, there is something to be tested and something to be improved. I expect it to be open source in the next week and a half, depending on how fast I will get well. But it should be done very soon. After that, we will be doing some testing with other workgroup members. And I guess the reporting on that would be part of Q3, not Q2. So Q2 was mainly about getting an MVP out.\" Ubio gave updates on his reasearch; \"what we did was simply to convert responses we got from Q1 into Figma. In Q2, We converted the responses and the things we could derive from those response into a design. Prototype design. so that's what we did for Q2. Q3 for us is about now taking that design to back to the community to engage and see what comes out of that.\""
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[1]",
      "gitbook": "Presentation by Kenichi on a reputation system using SoulBound Tokens, here is the link to the document; https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l0A8BFSe_RDvqDLHyJaIa1A92ggXwBBNUG2RtM8BIgo/edit Rojo highlighted the similarities between this project and other web3 contributions projects and offered for a collaboration.",
      "supabase": "Presentation by Kenichi on Reputation System using SoulBound Tokens, here is the link to the document; https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l0A8BFSe_RDvqDLHyJaIa1A92ggXwBBNUG2RtM8BIgo/edit, Rojo highlighted the similarities between this project and the web3 contributions projects and offered for a collaboration"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[2]",
      "gitbook": "There were discussions on R&D Guild Q2 Quarterly Report / R&D Guild Proposal & Q2 Community Concerns Response Document. there was an inclusion of more detailed deliverables.",
      "supabase": "There were discussions on R&D Guild Q2 Quarterly Report / R&D Guild Proposal & Q2 Community Concern Response Document. there was an inclusion of more detailed deliverables"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[3]",
      "gitbook": "Discussion on Q3 Budget proposal, we had a brief Overview of the R&D Guild Budget for Q3.",
      "supabase": "Discussion on Q3 Budget proposal, we had a brief Overview of the R&D Guild Budget for Q3"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].discussionPoints[4]",
      "gitbook": "Discussions on New rules for PROPOSAL planning; There was a document highlighting the new rules for budget planning to prevent similar issues encounter in the previous Quarters (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iaU5LI1KmKmcCbIa5yI1iRmDiqnkpzWNmnrgeRhvgeo/edit?usp=sharing).",
      "supabase": "Discussions on New rules for PROPOSAL planning; There was a document highlighting the new rules for budget planning to prevent similar issues encounter in the previous Quarters (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iaU5LI1KmKmcCbIa5yI1iRmDiqnkpzWNmnrgeRhvgeo/edit?usp=sharing)"
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].decisionItems[0].decision",
      "gitbook": "We decided that if, by the closing date of Q2, the teams involved in the development proposal doesn't present progress in the assigned repositories and their respective reports with details of the progress and status, the resources assigned to said proposals will not be disbursed and will be reevaluated.",
      "supabase": "We decided that If by the closing date of Q2, the teams involved in the development proposal that doesn't present progress in the assigned repositories and their respective reports with details of the progress and status, the resources assigned to said proposals will not be disbursed and will be reevaluated."
    },
    {
      "field": "agendaItems[0].actionItems[0].text",
      "gitbook": "Guillermo to ideate to see how Vasu can collaborate with guild members on project",
      "supabase": "Guilermo to ideate to see how Vasu can collaborate with guild members on project"
    },
    {
      "field": "tags.emotions",
      "gitbook": "Collaborative, productive, Thoughtful, speedy, Welcoming, Friendly, straightforward, questioning",
      "supabase": "Collaborative, productive, Thoughtful , speedy , Welcoming, Friendly, straightforward, questioning"
    },
    {
      "field": "noSummaryGivenText",
      "gitbook": "No Summary Given"
    },
    {
      "field": "canceledSummaryText",
      "gitbook": "Meeting was cancelled"
    }
  ]
}